Connecting GITHUB to your local repository
    Run command ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "email"
        this command generate the ssh key for your  pc
    Then copy the SSH key into your clipboar and then go to settings on github on the right, go to SSH key,
    Click on add new key, give the name to the key and then paste your clipboard into the SSH key field,
    Once done your pc will be authorised to push and pull to github repository

Settings to configure your information and coding style
    git --version
        returns the current version of git on your OS
    git config --global user.name "First Last"
        This command is used to congfigure the name. "" are used because the name has space.
    git config --global user.name email
        This command is used to configure the email.
    git config --global core.editor "code --wait"
        This command will make the bash console wait until the editor closes.
    git config --global core.autocrlf true
        This command is used to set carriage return(\r) and line feed(\n) configure to sync
        with other os users.
    git config --global -e
        This command is used to open the git configuration file.

Git Workflow
    [             PC                    ]     [    Githib    ]

    Code --------- Staging Area/ Index ---------- Repository

Commit Contains - Git is very efficient in storing content as it compresses it and doesn't store repeated data.
    1. Unique Id/ revision no
    2. Message
    3. date/time
    4. Author
    5. Complete Snapshot

[IMPORTANT] Git workflow commands -

    git status
        This command gives the status of most updated difference between the code and staging area.
        The command will show changes done between your code and last staging.
    
    git add .
        .                               adds all the files and folder
        file.txt                        adds only the file mention
        file1.txt file2.txt             adds the files named with spaces
        *.exts                          adds all the file with .txt extension
        This command gets your code files as mentioned in the command into the staging area.

    git commit -m "message"
        This command commits the staging area to the repository.
        The comment is used to tag the commit with the short discription of changes.
    
    git add README.md
        This command adds readme.md file which is the best way to show the discription of project on github.